Seven Biblical Reasons why 2019 could really
be
the year of the Escape of the Bride;
the gathering together of the Elect;
and the taking of the Multitude out of the Tribulation.
Number One: 2019 is the 1335th year.
In Daniel chapter twelve it says there will
be a Time of Trouble
and at that time the people will be delivered,
everyone that shall be found in the book.
The Book is explained in Revelation as the
Book of Life.
Revelation 21:2,27 says that those who enter
the Holy City in heaven
(the Bride) are written in the Book of Life.
So Daniel chapter 12 is talking about the
final time of trouble
and the deliverance of the Bride to heaven.
Then it gives a timing clue at the end of
the chapter in verses 11 and 12.
It says: “And from the time that the daily
sacrifice shall be taken away,
and the Abomination that makes desolate set
up,
there shall be a thousand two hundred and
ninety days.
Blessed is he that waits and comes to the
thousand three hundred and thirty-five days.”
In order to understand this, first, we have
to find when the Abomination was set up.
This is found in Daniel chapter 11.
For the full Daniel 11 timeline please see
the video linked here.
In short, Daniel 11 verse 31 describes the
setting up of the Dome of the Rock in Jerusalem
by the King of the North in 685 CE.
This is confirmed by the fulfillment of Daniel
12:11.
From the time the daily sacrifice was first
taken away by the King of the North in 606 BC
until the Abomination was set up by the King
of the North in 685 CE
was exactly 1290 years.
The Bible tells us days can also represent
years in Ezekiel 4:6 and Numbers 14:34.
So verse 11 was fulfilled in 685 CE:
1290 years from the taking away of the first
daily in Jerusalem (606 BC)
to the setting up of the Abomination in Jerusalem
(685 CE).
Then it says Blessed are those who come to
the 1335th day.
1335 years from the setting up of the Abomination
in 685 CE
ends in the year 2020.
However, verse 12 says the blessed year is
the 1335th year.
Not the completion of 1335 years,
but the final 1335th year itself.
2020 represents the completion of 1335 years
and 2019 represents the start of the final
1335th year.
In other words, 2019 is the Blessed Year;
the 1335th day.
Number 2: It is immediately after the Tribulation
of the Days.
In Matthew 24 Jesus gives more details about
the timeline of events
starting with the Abomination of Desolation
that Daniel talked about
and ending with the gathering of the Elect.
In verses 15 and 16 it says when you see the
Abomination of Desolation
That Daniel talked about stand in the Holy
Place,
Then those in Judea will flee into the mountains.
And in verse 21 it explains that the fleeing
into the mountains starts the Tribulation period.
This is paralleled in Revelation 12 verse
6.
It says the Woman will flee into the wilderness
for 1260 days.
The word used in both Matthew 24:16 and Revelation
12:6 is the same:
The word is Pheugo: Flee.
So Daniel 12, Revelation 12, and Matthew 24
are providing a timeline.
Each one giving more details.
Daniel 11 and 12 tell us when the Abomination
occurred
By laying out the exact number of years between
specific historical events
That must match an exact timeline.
Matthew 24 then tells us that after this Abomination,
Those in Judea will flee and the Tribulation
will start at that fleeing.
Then Revelation 12 adds that the fleeing into
the wilderness will last exactly 1260 days
And before the fleeing there will be a sign
in heaven.
The sign of Revelation 12 is explained in
the video linked here.
But in short, it occurred in both 686 and
the year 2012.
In 686 it occurred during the building
of the Dome of the Rock.
So we had the fulfillment of Daniel 12:11,
the fulfillment of Matthew 24:15,
and the fulfillment of Revelation 12:1-5 at
that time (685-686).
That is how we know the Tribulation started
shortly after 685 CE.
Matthew 24 continues on to verse 29 where
it confirms that the Tribulation it refers to
Is the Tribulation of the Days.
This is important because Daniel 12 also talks
about a time of trouble
That lasts for a Time, Times, and Half a Time.
In fact, there are three time periods representing
Trouble or Tribulation:
There is the Time, Times, and Half a Time
Found in Daniel 7:25, Daniel 12:7, and Revelation
12:14.
This is the final time of trouble, and we
know this because Revelation 12:14
Tells us it occurs at the end of the 1260
days.
The Woman in Revelation 12 represents Judea
in verse 6
But in verse 14 the Woman represents the Multitude of All Tribes and Nations.
For more on this, please see the video on
Revelation 12 linked here.
This final time of trouble is also a period
of 42 months
explained in Revelation 11:2 and 13:5.
For more on this watch the Revelation 11 and
13 videos.
You will notice that these three Biblical
references to times of trouble
Are described using different words: there
is the Trouble of Times,
the Trouble of Months, and the Trouble of
Days.
The trouble of Days is the 1260 Days explained
in Revelation 11:3 and 12:6.
Jesus explained in Matthew 24:29 that the
Tribulation that comes after the Abomination
Is the Tribulation of the Days.
In other words, it represents the 1260 day
period,
which we now understand is a 1260 year period.
So by solving Daniel 11 and 12, Revelation
11 and 12, and Matthew 24
We can see the timeline:
First, the Daily was taken away by the first
King of the North in 606 BC,
next, 1290 years later, the Abomination of
Desolation was set up
by the King of the North in 685 CE.
While that Abomination was being set up, the
sign of Revelation 12 occurred in the sky in 686 CE.
Then shortly after that Judea fled out of
Jerusalem
And that represented the start of the 1260
years.
If we could find the exact moment of the fleeing,
then we would be able to easily find the
end of the 1260 years.
And Jesus said Immediately after this 1260
years the stars will fall
and the elect will be gathered by the angels.
In 1701 author Robert Fleming wrote about
why he believed the 1260 years started in 758
and would end in the year 2018.
He was not alone.
There were many authors then, and still are
other researchers today
who believe the 1260 years started around
the early development of the Holy Roman Empire.
Upon current examination of the scriptures,
it is fairly obvious that Revelation 11 and 12
give a timeline of historical events that
started around the rise of the Holy Roman Empire
and continue through the modern era.
For more on that, see the Revelation 11 and
12 videos.
There is no way to know exactly when the Tribulation
of Days started
Because we cannot know exactly when the fleeing
into the Wilderness began.
But if Robert Fleming is right, and the Tribulation
of the Days did start in 758
then its end would have been 2018
And the period Immediately After 2018 could
represent 2019.
There is a clue about that in Revelation
11.
It talks about the 1260 days that the Two
Witnesses walk the earth.
The Two Witnesses are Two Candlesticks out
of a total of Seven Candlesticks.
Earth’s total population is currently in
the Seven Billion range
and is not expected to reach Eight Billion
until 2024.
The population of Christians and Jews is Two
Billion.
For more on this, watch the video,
but the Two Billion Christians and Jews represent
the Two Witnesses
walking the Great City, Babylon the Great,
that covers all seven continents.
The fact that these Two Billion out of a total
of Seven Billion (2 out of 7 Candlesticks)
Only occurs now, at the exact end of the 1260
year period may not be coincidence.
But there is more.
Revelation 11 verse 10 specifically says that
before the end of the 1260 days
the people of Earth will be making merry and
sending gifts to one another.
Please watch the video for that translation.
The making merry and sending gifts is an obvious
reference to December.
Even in ancient Roman Times, December was
the month to make merry and send gifts.
So the prophecy is telling us the that 1260
days will end in December.
In other words, the 1260 days will end at
the end of the Roman year.
That means that the “Immediately After”
refers to the following year!
So if the 1260 years ended in December 2018, then 2019
represents the time period
Immediately After the Tribulation!
In other words, the time the Elect will be
gathered together!
Number 3: It is the end of the 400 year affliction.
In Genesis 15:13 Abraham is told that his
seed will be a stranger in a land that is not theirs
they will serve a nation of people there and
be afflicted four hundred years.
and that nation that they shall serve will
be judged by God.
In Deuteronomy 28-30 there is a list of curses
that will befall the seed of Abraham.
The first clue about this nation is that it
is as swift as the Eagle.
In verse 49 it says it is a nation from far,
from the end of the Earth, as swift as the Eagle.
A nation whose language they will not understand.
And in verse 68, it says they will be brought
into Egypt again with ships.
This is important because the literal land
of Egypt is accessible by land from Jerusalem.
Its not talking about literal Egypt.
Its talking about Babylon the Great.
Revelation 17 verses 5 and 18 explain that
Babylon the Great is called the Great City
and Revelation 11 verse 8 tells us the Great
City is also spiritually called Egypt and Sodom.
So the Egypt that the descendants of Abraham
travel to by ships
is Babylon the Great.
And there, it says they will be sold to their
enemies as slaves.
In Deuteronomy 28 verse 36 it confirms that
this is a nation that was not known to their fathers.
So it was not Ancient Egypt.
For more on how we know this did not represent
ancient Egypt
you can watch the video linked here.
But it tells us clearly in Deuteronomy 29
verses 22 and 23
That the Afflicted will see the Fire and
Brimstone rain down from heaven
Just like Sodom and Gomorrah.
Luke 17:29 and 30 says at the coming of
the Son of Man
It will rain Fire and Brimstone like Sodom
and Gomorrah.
This is the end of the Tribulation of Days
in Matthew 24:29, 30.
So Deuteronomy 29 indicates that the Affliction
is going to end
when the 1260 Days end!
This is confirmed in Deuteronomy 30:3-5 where
it says that when this curse happens
God will return, gather them from all nations,
even gather them in heaven,
And then return them to their own land.
This is the gathering of the Elect in heaven
in Matthew 24:31
and the return of the Bride in Revelation
21:2.
The return to their homeland is the Bride’s
return to Earth!
So if the curse or Affliction ends when the
1260 years end,
then when did it begin?
The clues tell us this was a bringing of slaves
into a nation belonging to Babylon the Great
That was only accessible by ships.
That this nation is represented by an Eagle,
And it was not known by their fathers.
I think it is obvious this refers to the slave
ships brought across the Atlantic to the Americas.
The first slaves ships arrived in America
in the year 1619.
If this represented the beginning of the Affliction,
then 400 years later ends in 2019!
The exact year that represents the time period:
“Immediately After the Tribulation!”
Number 4: It is after 70 years have been accomplished
of Israel serving Babylon.
In Jeremiah 25:1-12 we are told that the nations
around Jerusalem
will serve the King of Babylon for Seventy
Years,
And once those Seventy Years are accomplished
the King of Babylon will be punished.
This punishment clearly represents the fall
of Babylon the Great
for multiple reasons explained in the playlist linked at the end of this video.
But in short, this is clear in verse 33 where
it says the Whole Earth will suffer at this event.
It refers to the punishment of the King of
Babylon the Great,
And this is explained as the Eighth King in
Revelation 17:7-11.
The first Six Kings were Ancient Babylon,
Persia, Greece,
and the Western, Eastern, and Holy Roman Empires.
The Seventh was the League of Nations and
the Eighth is the United Nations.
For more on this please watch the playlist linked at the end of this video.
The United Nations created the country of
Israel
in the region surrounding Jerusalem in 1947
And it was officially declared in 1948.
Therefore, the nations around Jerusalem started
serving
the Eighth King of Babylon the Great in 1948,
And seventy years later ended in 2018.
So the seventy years have now been
accomplished
of the nations around Jerusalem serving the
eighth King of Babylon.
Number 5: Jesus provided a parable that goes
along with this.
In Matthew 24:32-34 he says that one generation
will not pass
From the time the Fig Tree puts forth leaves
until all the things he mentioned have come
to pass.
In other words, everything he mentions from
verse 1 to verse 32,
(including the falling of the stars and the
gathering of the Elect)
Will be completed within one generation after
the Fig Tree puts forth leaves.
The Fig Tree represents Israel, as explained
in Hosea 9:10,
And one generation equals seventy to eighty
years in Psalm 90:10.
Since the nation of Israel was established
in 1948,
Seventy years later would be 2018
And Eighty years later would be 2028.
This means that generation will end sometime
between 2018 and 2028,
And Jesus said the gathering of the Elect
will occur Before the end of that generation.
So the gathering of the Elect would occur before
2028!
Number 6: It is in the midst of the final
seven years.
In Daniel 9:24-27 Gabriel gives a very specific
timeline
That ends with a flood in the midst of a seven
year period.
For details on this see the Daniel 9 video
in the playlist linked at the end of this video.
But in short, Gabriel says there will be a
total of Seventy Seven
From the Commandment to Restore Jerusalem
until the End of Sins.
If the Commandment was the United Nations
vote to create the nation of Israel
Then the Seventy Seven would start in 1947
and end in 2024.
And more specifically, during this period
he says a man called Messiah will show up
After Seven, Seven, and sixty-two Shavuots.
The man the world called “Messiah” was
Obama.
The Seven, Seven, is 14 years after 1947,
which landed in 1961, the year of Obama’s birth,
And the 62 Shavuots ended in 2009, the year
Obama became President of the United States.
Then it says this man will confirm a covenant with many starting a period of seven years.
Obama won the Peace Prize in 2009 for confirming
the Non-Proliferation Treaty
Which is a Treaty between all the world nations
belonging to the United Nations.
In other words, a Treaty with many.
This Treaty is usually confirmed by each successive
President.
So next it says the man called Messiah will
be cut off
And the end by a flood will occur during the
reign of the Prince or Leader after that.
The man called Messiah was President for Seven
Years after the Peace Prize
From 2009 to 2016.
The Prince or Leader that shall come was elected
in 2016
and began his leadership in 2017.
Seven years from 2017 ends in 2024; the exact
end of the Seventy Seven.
The alternate translation of verses 26 and
27 say:
“After sixty two Shavuots Messiah cut off,
not people.
Leader come in, perhaps to go to ruin, city
sacredness end,
Flood, end, battle, desolated, cut.
Strong covenant many, one seven, half seven
cease, sacrifice, gift on the wing,
Detested thing desolated, desolated, even
complete,
Cut, pour forth, desolated.”
The flood mentioned in this verse is important
because Revelation 12:15 also mentions this
flood.
It occurs when the Woman in verse 14 escapes
the serpent.
The Dragon, it says, causes the flood,
And verse 4 tells us the Dragon casts the
stars to the Earth with its tail.
The Dragon, on one level, represents a Comet
that casts an asteroid to Earth.
This asteroid is the Millstone that hits the
sea destroying Babylon in Revelation 18:21.
This is the waves that will cover Babylon
in Jeremiah 51:42.
It is the Rain of Fire and Brimstone in Luke
17:29-30.
It is the Falling of the Stars in Matthew
24:29.
This asteroid impact occurs Immediately After
the Tribulation of the Days
And it causes a tsunami because it hits the
sea.
A tsunami that Daniel 9 says will occur in
the midst of the final seven years.
The final seven years started when the man
called Messiah was cut off
And the next leader took office.
This seven year period started in 2017.
However, the end in 2024 represents the end
of all sins
And the flood occurs in the midst of the final
seven years.
That means the flood (asteroid impact) will
occur sometime between
2017 and 2024.
But we know Revelation 13:5 tells us the Beast
will continue for 42 months.
This is another reason we know the final time
of trouble of 3.5 years (42 months)
Occurs after the 1260 years.
The asteroid hits but the Beast is able to
continue, despite this, for 42 months
Which is 3.5 years and a Time, Times, and
Half a Time.
If the complete End of all Sins occurs by
2024,
Then the final Time of Trouble must occur
before that.
This indicates that the final 3.5 years must
start,
either before, or at the very latest, by 2020.
Daniel 9:27 indicates the flood will occur
in the midst or the middle of the final seven years.
If the final seven years are indeed 2017 to
2024,
Then the exact middle point would occur in
2020.
Many people think it must occur exactly 1260
days from the start of the seven years.
However, Daniel doesn’t say that.
We know, at this point, that the 1260 days
refer to years,
the 1290 days were complete in 685,
and the 1335 days end in 2020,
With the final 1335th year starting in 2019.
Daniel 9 is not referring to the setting up
of the Abomination of Desolation.
Instead, it is referring to the overspreading
of Multiple Abominations.
So the flood, Daniel says, will occur in the
midst of the final seven years.
Perhaps in the middle, but not necessarily
the exact middle.
Instead, he says it will occur “in the midst”
of the final seven years.
In other words, somewhere between 2017 and
2024.
And this flood represents the escape of the
Woman in Revelation 12:14
Which is the Multitude of all Tribes and Nations
in Revelation 7.
Number 7: It is seven years after
the sign of the escape in Revelation 12.
The Sign of Revelation 12 occurred in 686
CE
at the setting up of the Abomination of Desolation
and it also occurred in 2012 on the exact
date of the ancient Feast of Trumpets!
That sign occurs before the escape
and 2019 represents the end of Seven Years
from that sign.
For more on that please see the playlist at the end of this video.
Those are the seven reasons that 2019 may
really be:
1. The 1335th year that the Blessed have been
waiting for.
2. The time of the gathering of the Elect immediately
after the Tribulation of 1260 years.
3. The end of the 400 year Affliction.
4. The year Babylon is punished after 70 years
have been accomplished.
5. Within the Fig Tree generation.
6. The time of the flood in the midst of the
final Seven Years
and 7. The escape from the serpent seven years after
the sign in Revelation 12.
For more details on any of this, please see
the playlist linked here.
Thank you so much to those who make this work
possible.
If you liked this video please consider providing support at IndigoFlower.net.
I hope you are doing well and I will talk
to you next week.